Add protocol version and ignore peer if protocol version is different (#170)
planetarium/libplanet: CHANGES.md

    `MissingActionTypeException` at runtime.  [[#28], [#144], [#169]]
 -  Turn into parameter in `BlockPolicy`'s constructor to milliseconds. [[#151]]
 -  `BencodexFormatter` became able to serialize `BigInteger`.  [[#159]]

>  -  Added the network protocol version and change to ignore peers if the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -  Made `Swarm` possible to configure its (application-specific)
    network `protocolVersion` and, to ignore peers if their
```

    `MissingActionTypeException` at runtime.  [[#28], [#144], [#169]]
 -  Turn into parameter in `BlockPolicy`'s constructor to milliseconds. [[#151]]
 -  `BencodexFormatter` became able to serialize `BigInteger`.  [[#159]]
 -  Made `Swarm` possible to configure its (application-specific)

>     network `protocolVersion` and, to ignore peers if their

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    network `appProtocolVersion` and, to ignore peers if their
```
